---
date: 2024-10-08
---
## prospectus writing (mainly nicole)
- steal old descriptions/summaries (get)
- new features or upcoming goals
- statistics (traffic/usage)

### qns for directors
- summaries of what they did -> ask manhua / franco
- what issues arose in 2024 and how do you think they could be mitigated?
- what features/changes would you hope to see in the next year?
- what do you think went well?
- blockers in progress?

### qns for vps
- thoughts on returning directors? yes/no?
- get statistics? (franco) where to get? how to get? (jackson??)

### cleaned up questions
- Why do you want to be a DevSoc Flagship Projects/UIUX Director for 2025?
- What technical experiences do you have that would make you a good director for the flagship project(s) you are applying for? This can include knowledge and experience of the specified tech stacks provided in the information booklet.
- As a DevSoc director, you will make high-level decisions, overlook and organise meetings for a team of around 6-10 subcommittee members. This means that you will have to potentially upskill your members in a variety of technical areas and support their learning processes along the way. It also means that you will need to help facilitate bonding to ensure that your members feel welcomed and supported. What leadership skills and experiences do you have that would allow you to uphold these responsibilities?
- What kind of visions or improvements/changes would you like to see made to the project(s) you are applying for?
- Please link if you have any work (e.g. websites, portfolio websites etc.) you have done previously that is relevant to the role you are applying for.

## questions for new proj dirs
- if you're in a pair (drop name of partner and zid) (make sure you both put each other)
- Give us an elevator pitch about what your project is (200 words or less) (be sure to touch on benefits to the student community)
- How would your project benefit from having a subcomm/support from devsoc?
- What are you expecting from us? (subcom numbers, any other technical stuff?)
- What expertise do you have that would make you a good director and what expertise do you need in your team?
- do you wanna be director or subcom for your own project? do u even wanna be subcom?
- As a DevSoc director, you will make high-level decisions, overlook and organise meetings for a team of around 6-10 subcommittee members. This means that you will have to potentially upskill your members in a variety of technical areas and support their learning processes along the way. It also means that you will need to help facilitate bonding to ensure that your members feel welcomed and supported. What leadership skills and experiences do you have that would allow you to uphold these responsibilities?
- we only have capacity to introduce one or two new projects this year, in the case your project is not selected, would you be interested in co-directing another project?
- We're not expecting any progress to be made but has anything been planned or worked on previously? (add any links?)
  - Please link if you have any work (e.g. websites, portfolio websites etc.) you have done previously that is relevant to the role you are applying for.
  - If shortlisted, you'll be required to pitch your project, are you available on X date

## pitch expectations
### what are they presenting/how it works
- mention form at the beginning
- slides/proof of concept in a presentation form (~ 5mins (secretly 10 mins maxxxx)) answering below questions
- we send out form for preferences
- byeeeee
### give them a spec (points to cover)
this is a rough outline feel free to ignore (project cannot be monetized)
software project
not monetized
benefits students
- background
	- what does it do what is it????
	- why does it help people
	- what problems identified, how does htis fix those problems
- technical requirements (if you know)
	- tech stack
	- platform
	- system diagram etc.
- plan
	- estimated time of development (timeline?)
	- features
	- mvp and future
- if you have any designs or prototypes feel free to demo
- why do you want to work on this?

### form for preferencing projects they want to work on
- give ur name
- give groupname
- groupname + name + name (ordered selection)

## split
## nicole
- chaos
- structs
- new proj 3
## flynn
- circles
- notangles
- new proj  1

rock paper scissors to decide stuff

## Goals
- percieved progress on projects
	- small wins
	- checkpoints
		- twice a term (midterm week 7, end of term last day of exams)
		- directors report (what they've done, plans, blockers)
		- any support
		- what bonding have you done
		- dinner after? (present to everyone first) (invite execs
	- once per term, put progress report on newsletter/discord annoucement
- bondings enforcement
	- at least 2 in person meetings per term
	- 1 cross port per term
	- roadtrip??????? surely
- consistient new proj pipeline
- at least 1 new project mvp
- trainee pipeline
	- lead /director referral maybe?
	- hard reserve spots

## Rough timeline
### T0
- director recruitment
- SWAT TEAM considerations?? (lower committment projects)
- project pitch/selection
- director goals and expectations
- ask new directors if feasible for T1 subcom intake, plan from there
- documentation for codebases
- director induction
### T1
- subcom recruitment
- subcomm onboarding meeting/bonding (guidance prepare for subcom)
- new projects should have/do repo setup 
- checkpoint 0: check in on project goals, talk about project synchronization
- ALL PROJS (ticket/feature planning)
- checkpoint 1:
- checkpoint 2:
- trainee intake 1

### T2
- New projects pipeline planning (ideally done by end of term)
- (tent) get started with projects guide
- checkpoint 0: for US
	- start project synchronization
	- SWAT TEAM!???? (pool of trainees/strong applicants that can come in to crunch on features if needed)
- checkpoint 1:
- checkpoint 2:
- break: projects rt?????
- (tent) trainee intake 2

### T3
- if not cooked; holiday prep guide, get started with projects guide
- checkpoint 0: for US
- checkpoint 1:
- checkpoint 2:


what do we want them to cover on each checkpoint?


## Exec meetings
- can we recruit more subcom?
- swat team?
- project sync w jackson (jackson gets stats for prospectus)
- 

## Actionables
- 1 clean up qns to ask directors (split to ask) (nicc freerooms)
- 2 clean up form questions (flynn) -> [[New Projects Application Questions]]
- 2 new projects spec (nicole)
- 3 clean goals document (flynn) -> [[Projects Goals]]
- next meeting: tent 20/10 (morning or after)
- 3 prospectus (nicole)

